add new target Stellar f4 (#29088)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: libraries/AP_HAL_ChibiOS/hwdef/StellarF4/README.md

        5V, 2A BEC for internal and peripherals
    Interfaces
        10x PWM outputs DShot capable, 4 PWM outputs BDShot capable
        6x UARTs
        1x I2C
        2x ADC
        SPI flash for logging
        USB-C port
    LED
        Red, 3.3V power indicator
        Green, FC status
    Size
        41 x 41mm PCB with 30.5mm M3 mounting

  
## Overview

![StellarF4](StellarF4-top.png)

![StellarF4](StellarF4-bot.png)

## Wiring Diagram

## UART Mapping

The UARTs are marked Rx* and Tx* in the above pinouts. The Rx* pin is the
receive pin for UART*. The Tx* pin is the transmit pin for UART*. The UARTs 1,2,6 are DMA capable.

 - SERIAL0 -> USB
 - SERIAL1 -> USART1 (DJI / VTX, DMA capable)
 - SERIAL2 -> USART2 (Serial RC input, DMA capable)
 - SERIAL3 -> USART3 (User) (NO DMA)
 - SERIAL4 -> UART4  (User) (NO DMA)
 - SERIAL5 -> UART5  (ESC Telemetry) (NO DMA)
 - SERIAL6 -> USART6 (GPS) (NO DMA)

## CAN and I2C

StellarF4 supports I2C bus
multiple I2C peripherals can be connected to one I2C bus in parallel.

## RC Input

The default RC input is configured on the UART2 RX2 input and can be used for all ArduPilot supported unidirectional receiver protocols.

> * SBUS/DSM/SRXL/PPM connects to the PPM pad or RX2 pin on the HD VTX connector. PPM pin connected to RX2 via inverter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SBUS/DSM/SRXL connects to the PPM pad or RX2 pin on the HD VTX connector. PPM pin connected to RX2 via inverter.
```

* CRSF also requires a TX2 connection, in addition to RX2, and automatically provides telemetry.
* FPort requires connection to TX2 and :ref:`SERIAL2_OPTIONS<SERIAL2_OPTIONS>` set to "7". See :ref:`common-FPort-receivers`.

## OSD Support

> StellarF4 supports using its internal OSD using OSD_TYPE 1 (MAX7456 driver). External OSD support such as DJI or DisplayPort is supported using any spare UART. See :ref:`common-msp-osd-overview-4.2` for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
StellarF4 supports using its internal OSD, and/or DisplayPort on Serial1, by default. See :ref:`common-msp-osd-overview-4.2` for more info.
```
